Feature/7361 replace links with our own urls (#108)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon: G1ANT.Addon.MSOffice/G1ANT.Addon.MSOffice/Commands/ExcelOpenCommand.md

| Argument | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ------------- | ----------- |
|`path`| [text](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | no |  | Path of a file that has to be opened in Excel; if not specified, Excel will be opened with an empty sheet |
|`inbackground`| [bool](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/BooleanStructure.md) | no | false | Specifies whether Excel should be opened in the background |
|`sheet`| [text](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | no |  | Name of a sheet to be activated |

> |`result`| [variable](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Manual/blob/master/G1ANT-Language/Special-Characters/variable.md) | no | ♥result  | Name of a variable where a currently opened Excel process number is stored. It can be used in the `excel.switch` command |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`result`| [variable](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/VariableStructure.md) | no | ♥result  | Name of a variable where a currently opened Excel process number is stored. It can be used in the `excel.switch` command |
```
